Break up arguments section (#2586)
pallets/click: docs/handling-files.rst

.. _handling-files:

Handling Files
================

.. currentmodule:: click

> Click has built in features to support file and file path handling. Since files and files paths are recommended to be passed in as arguments, the examples use arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click has built in features to support file and file path handling. The examples use arguments but the same principle applies to options as well.
```

I would not say it is a recommendation to pass files as arguments solely. It's perfectly valid to use options. `-i` and `-o` for example is commonly used for input and output.

.. _file-args:

File Arguments
-----------------

Click supports working with files with the :class:`File` type. Some notable features are:

> *   Support for   ``-`` to mean a special file that refers to stdin/stdout. This is common pattern for POSIX command line utilities, for example wget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Support for   ``-`` to mean a special file that refers to stdin when used for reading, and stdout when used for writing. This is a common pattern for POSIX command line utilities.
```

> *   Deals with Unicode and bytes correctly for all versions of Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Deals with ``str`` and ``bytes`` correctly for all versions of Python.
```

Example:

.. click:example::

    @click.command()
    @click.argument('input', type=click.File('rb'))
    @click.argument('output', type=click.File('wb'))

>     def inout(input, output):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def inout(input: BinaryIO, output: BinaryIO):
```

        """Copy contents of INPUT to OUTPUT."""
        while True:
            chunk = input.read(1024)
            if not chunk:
                break
            output.write(chunk)

> And what it does:

Reviewer: Can we use `And from the command line:` instead of `And what it does:`? I feel like the original is better.

Author: Yes. That was actually an unintentional to propagate it everywhere.

.. click:run::

    with isolated_filesystem():
        invoke(inout, args=['-', 'hello.txt'], input=['hello'],
               terminate_input=True)
        invoke(inout, args=['hello.txt', '-'])

File Path Arguments
----------------------

> For handling paths, the :class:`Path` type is better than a string. Some notable features are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For handling paths, the :class:`Path` type is better than a ``str``. Some notable features are:
```

> *   It can run checks such as does the path exist or is the file executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   The ``exists`` argument will verify whether the path exists.
*	``readable``, ``writable``, and ``executable`` can perform permission checks.
*	``file_okay`` and ``dir_okay`` allow specifying whether files/directories are accepted.
```

> *   It also handles formatting error messages with :func:`format_filename` so any undecodable bytes will be printed nicely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Error messages are nicely formatted using :func:`format_filename` so any undecodable bytes will be printed nicely.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

See :class:`Path` for all features.

```

Example:

.. click:example::

    @click.command()
    @click.argument('filename', type=click.Path(exists=True))
    def touch(filename):
        """Print FILENAME if the file exists."""
        click.echo(click.format_filename(filename))

And what it does:

.. click:run::

    with isolated_filesystem():
        with open('hello.txt', 'w') as f:
            f.write('Hello World!\n')
        invoke(touch, args=['hello.txt'])
        println()
        invoke(touch, args=['missing.txt'])

File Opening Behaviors
-----------------------------

> The :class:`File` type attempts to be "intelligent" about when to open a file. Stdin/stdout and files opened for reading will be opened immediately. This will give the user direct feedback when a file cannot be opened. Files opened for writing will only be open on the first IO operation. This is done by automatically wrapping the file in a special wrapper.

Reviewer: This removes the documentation on the benefits of lazily opening a file for writing: not emptying the file. Can we add this again here?

Author: I did not remove it. Just put it further down. 

Since files opened for writing will typically empty the file, the lazy mode should only be disabled if the developer is absolutely sure that this is intended behavior.

File open behavior can be controlled by the boolean kwarg ``lazy``. If a file is opened lazily:

*   A failure at first IO operation will happen by raising an :exc:`FileError`.

> *   It can help minimize resource handling confusion.  If a file is opened in lazy mode, it will receive a ``close_intelligently`` method that can help figure out if the file needs closing or not. This is not needed for parameters, but is necessary for manually prompting. For manual prompts with the :func:`prompt` function you do not know if a stream like stdout was opened (which was already open before) or a real file was opened (that needs closing).

Reviewer: Do we have a page anywhere where `close_intelligently` is documented? Would be nice to link to it because this does not explain that enough imho.

Author: I agree it does not explain enough. It seems like it refers to specific parts of the code but I am not sure which.

Reviewer: It refers to `LazyFile.close_intelligently`. Could you add that reference? That should be good for now. `LazyFile` is in utils.
